Date: 6/3/2024 Time:14:0:14.
CharAt Failed
EqualTo Succesful
Append Successful
Prepend Successful
ToLower Successful
ToUpper Successful
Find Successful
Find(startIndex) Successful
Replace Successful
ReadFromConsole Successful
operator== Successful
operator!= Successful
operator[] Successful
operator= Successful
operator< Successful
Successful: 0.933333%.
Date: 6/3/2024 Time:14:3:27.
CharAt Successful
EqualTo Succesful
Append Successful
Prepend Successful
ToLower Successful
ToUpper Successful
Find Successful
Find(startIndex) Successful
Replace Successful
ReadFromConsole Failed
operator== Successful
operator!= Successful
operator[] Failed
operator= Successful
operator< Successful
Successful: 86.6667%.
Date: 7/6/2024 Time:9:58:12.
CharAt Successful
EqualTo Succesful
Append Successful
Prepend Successful
ToLower Successful
ToUpper Successful
Find Successful
Find(startIndex) Successful
Replace Successful
ReadFromConsole Successful
operator== Successful
operator!= Successful
operator[] Successful
operator= Successful
operator< Successful
Successful: 100%.
